contains the test files and code
 New case
New case
We A system test case is a detailed set of conditions, steps, and expected results used to verify that an entire software product meets its specified requirements and functions correctly from end to end. It evaluates complete operational scenarios, checking how integrated components work together under realistic conditions. System testing evaluates the software from a user's perspective, focusing on security, performance, and cross-platform compatibility. It differs from integration testing, which only checks the communication between individual modules rather than the application as a whole.Major Testing TypesFunctional: Verifies system features work correctly.Performance: Checks speed, stability, and scalability.Security: Protects data against unauthorized access.Usability: Evaluates the user interface and experience.Standard WorkflowAnalyze: Review business and technical requirements.Design: Write specific, end-to-end test cases.Execute: Run tests and log actual results.Report: Track bugs and confirm final resolution.Let me know if you want to explore a specific testing type like security or performance, or if you need a step-by-step guide on how to write a bug report.
import unittest
import requests

TC-001: End-to-End User Registration and Authentication FlowVerify that a new user can successfully create an account and access the secure dashboard. Before executing, ensure the system database is online and the application server is running. 
First, navigate to the /register page and input a unique username (testuser1) and a strong password (SecurePass123!), then click the "Submit" button; the system must process this data and return a 201 Created status code along with a success message confirmation. 
Next, navigate to the /login endpoint using those exact same credentials to attempt authentication; the system should successfully authorize the session, generate a valid JWT token, and grant access to the account dashboard. 
Finally, attempt a negative flow by submitting the correct username with an incorrect password (WrongPass); the security system must block the login request, return a 401 Unauthorized status code, and display an "Invalid credentials" error message to prevent unauthorized access.Would you like me to write a similar test case para
A test case is a set of actions, inputs, and expected results used to determine if a software feature works correctly. 
In integration testing, test cases focus on the boundaries, data flow, and communication between different modules or external systems.
Key Components of a Test 
CaseTest ID: Unique identifier (e.g., TC_INT_001).Description: Brief explanation of what is being tested.
Pre-conditions: Required system state before execution (e.g., "Database is initialized").
Test Steps: Sequential actions to execute the test.Test Data: The specific inputs used during the test.
Expected Result: How the system should ideally behave.Actual Result: How the system actually behaved (filled after execution).
If you want to build or automate this, let me know:
What specific feature or scenario you are trying to test.
Whether you need a manual test template or an automated test script (e.g., in Python, JavaScript).
